In Return of the Ancients,
we've added, for the first time, a
set of challenges to a Path of Exile 2 league.
For every two challenges you complete,
you'll receive a piece of the
Knight of Aldur armor set,
so it's worth a try.
To check your progress and
the requirements to complete a challenge,
simply press "H" to open the challenges screen.
There are eight challenges in total,
and they progress from very easy
to very difficult.
To complete the Rune Hunt,
you'll need to find traces with
an increasingly large number of slots
and use them to craft new items.
Creating seven spaces can be
quite challenging, with six waves of enemies,
so attempting one of these fights
may require skill.
Throughout the campaign,
there are many optional bosses.
To complete "The Hunter,"
you will need to hunt six of them.
The last two, Akthi, the Final Sting,
and Anundr, the Sand Worm,
can be quite difficult to find
on the Khari Crossing.
To find them,
follow the dry riverbed.
You'll find their arena at the end.
"Ascendant" requires you to obtain
all eight points
of your Ascendancy class by
completing the Ascendancy trials.
Obtaining the final set of points
can be quite challenging.
You will need to defeat Zarokh on the 4th level of the Trial of the Sekhemas
or defeat the Trial Master of the Trial of Chaos by finding the three keys.
Of the two options, the Trial of Chaos
will take much longer, as you will have to complete the trial multiple times,
but the Trial of the Sekhemas
is more challenging,
so you will have to decide which of the
two paths to follow.
"The Reliquary" is simple.
Identify 50 different unique items.
Are you having trouble finding unique items?
Jado, the Master of Atlas, has many skills
that make you a specialist in finding them.
To complete "The Artisan,"
you will need to use several different crafting items.
They all stem from encounters with traces.
For "The Cartographer,"
you will need to assign your entire Atlas tree.
All 300 of us.
You can do this slowly, completing
all the maps within the fortress.
But there is another way as well.
Each time you defeat the Arbiter of Divinity,
you will gain the ability to automatically complete a large section of the fortress.
Find the keys to the fight
by searching for citadels in the Atlas.
Each one has large, bright beams
so you can see them in the fog.
After fighting him four times,
the entire fortress will be complete.
And last,
but certainly not least, "The Winner".
This challenge requires defeating
three supreme bosses,
the most difficult fights in the game.
Tangmazu,
the Bodach
and the Vessel of Kulemak.
These are the supreme champions of the Delirium,
Ritual, and Abyss leagues,
so you'll need to complete all three quest lines to fulfill this challenge.
One important thing about the
Vessel of Kulemak
is that you need to defeat it with all your might.
This means risking
the item during the boss fight
by returning the finger
and defeating him anyway.
As mentioned,
for every two challenges completed, you will receive pieces of the armor set.
Therefore, you don't need to do
all of them to get some rewards.
But if you do, you can
show off your prowess.
Because everyone in the global chat or forums will be able to see how many challenges you've completed.
You will also receive this totem decoration
for your haven,
meaning that more people
who trade with you at any given time
will be able to see that you were there
and that you conquered the league.
Experience these challenges and much more on May 29th
with Return of the Ancients.
Thanks for watching, and see you later!